Come on, June.
You'll miss the big surprise.
Saved the best for last, kiddo.
There's three yellow men in the dirt,
and this is the last thing
they ever saw.
Why don't you put it on?
I don't want to.
- What did you say?
- John, don't start.
I just want young Bing to appreciate
what's been handed down to him.
Do you have a problem with that?
How about I go get us
some milk and cookies?
Mothers!
Listen to her,
you end up a goddamn pussy.
Now stand up.
Put the mask on.
Okay, Private Take-No-Shit.
Let's see how good of
a soldier you are.
Gotcha!
Get up, retard.
Language, John.
You got me!
I love you more than anything,
Bing Partridge.
Hey, Bingaling.
The toddler down the road
works faster than you.
Lucky me.
I've got a son who is slow as
molasses and dumb as a box of hair.
Maybe that will light a fire
under your stupid ass.
Get up, retard.
Bing?
Oh, Bing. Oh, my sweet boy,
what have you done?
What...
Steve.
- Christ...
- I'm so sorry.
It's those asshole cops
who should be sorry.
They think Sharon took Haley
and left me.
- She wouldn't do that.
- No, I know she wouldn't. I know.
How am I going to tell them
the cat's dead?
Who would do something like this?
Hey.
I got here as fast as I could.
The Wraith. It took the girl
I babysit and her mom.
My Scrabble bag said
he was after you.
Yeah, but Haley knew about my bridge.
She saw me.
I told... I told her not to go out
there, that it was dangerous.
Shit, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
- Screw this.
- Wait a second.
- We need to find Haley and Sharon.
- I'm going with you.
No. The bridge will only open for me.
I don't like you going by yourself.
If I don't look for them,
Maggie, who will?
Be careful.
Vic?
- Where did the bridge go?
- That bridge is dangerous.
You're scaring me.
Never, ever tell anyone about this.
Haley, you've got to promise me.
I promise.
Vic?
Hey, what are you doing here?
Bing, this is...
This is your house?
Yeah.
Is there...
Does anyone else live here?
No, it's just me.
How was college?
It was good.
Good.
Are you lost?
Sorry, no. I was, um...
I was going to my friend's house.
It's weird I ended up here.
Which friend?
- Craig.
- Craig Harrison?
- Yeah.
- He lives up the way.
Yeah. I think I know
where I made a wrong turn.
You know, when I get lost,
I just remind myself...
"Go forth to the north,
and then... then left is West."
Yeah, that's smart.
Thanks, Bing.
Bye.
Tell me where my daughter is. What
have you done with her, you bastard?
Sticks and stones,
pins and tacks...
Only good mommies get tasty snacks.
"I love..."
I love you more than anything,
Bing Partridge.
Good morning, sleepyhead.
I've got quite a surprise for you.
Where am I?
Let me out, you creep.
Let me out!
I do prefer my passengers
keep their hands to themselves.
Safety first.
Please, let me go.
Don't get yourself in knots.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I would never hurt a child.
Where's my mom?
That wretched woman. She never had
your best interests in mind.
Now you're with me,
you'll never feel unwanted
ever again.
Where are we?
Where are you taking me?
Currently, we are traversing
the Saint Nick Parkway.
It's my own private thoroughfare
to a wonderful place
called Christmasland.
Sounds stupid.
Quite the contrary.
Christmasland is filled
with hot cocoa and candy,
and toys galore.
But before I can take you,
I need to know a few things
about the magic bridge in the woods.
I'm not telling you anything.
I simply want to know the name
of the boy who uses it.
It's a girl, you idiot.
The interesting ones always are.
Shit.
The bridge didn't work.
It took me to Bing's house.
Who's Bing?
The school janitor.
We trade comic books.
He's a nice guy.
No way he's the Wraith.
- Well then maybe he's his henchman.
- What?
The Wraith was working with a partner
when he took Danny.
- Maybe this janitor...
- He wouldn't hurt anyone.
Okay. How well do you know him?
- The bridge made a mistake.
- Inscapes don't make mistakes.
Well, your tiles did. "Smitten"?
That was not the tiles' mistake.
I misinterpreted the letters
and you are misinterpreting this.
You need to trust your gift.
This is not a gift, Maggie.
I've got to lay down.
I'll call you!
Vicky?
Oh, my God, you look like
you got chewed up and spit out.
- Your eye is all red.
- I'm fine.
- What the hell were you doing?
- Mom, Sharon and Haley are missing.
- You need to breathe. What?
- Can you help?
Okay. All right.
Come inside. Let's get you fixed up.
Come on.
It's okay.
It's okay. Come on. Go upstairs.
Does your dad know where you are?
I don't know.
Come on, into bed.
No, Mom, I have them.
They're probably in Florida
with Sharon's father.
- No, they're not in Florida.
- You need to stop worrying, Vicky.
They're fine.
Come on.
You have got to start
taking care of yourself, Vicky.
You're the only kid I got.
I'll be down the hall
if you need anything.
What are you doing to me?
Go ahead.
Take a look inside.
I'm delighted
you like my little trick.
Magic is for babies.
Tough customer.
Well, then...
It tastes like sugar.
Hey, where did it go?
Would you like to learn
how to make it snow?
I can teach you how to do that
once we get to Christmasland.
I can teach you that
and so much more.
But first I need to know the name
of the girl with the bridge.
And no lying.
I don't like liars.
What do you say, Haley Smith?
I want my mom.
Hey. Hey, where the hell are you?
Miss Howard said
you hadn't been to work in two days.
I'm in Haverhill, Massachusetts.
Sir, you don't shush me.
You don't ever shush me.
I'm a librarian. I shush you.
Sorry.
I got a hot tip from my Scrabble bag
that the Wraith would be here.
I told you to stay off the case.
He took another kid, Joe. I need you
to put an amber alert on the car.
No, I cannot put out an amber alert
for another state. I can't do that.
- Then put out a national one.
- No, Maggie, no.
I did my research, okay?
It'll cost you nothing.
An amber alert can cause panic and
chaos. And then if you're wrong...
But I'm not wrong, okay?
I was right about Mrs. Richardson.
I'm right about this.
Mrs. Richardson again, really?
I know you're worried, but Joe...
I am a thousand percent sure.
Hey, Miss McQueen.
Vic's not answering her phone.
Chris said she might be here, so...
Well, she's not feeling well.
Will you tell her I stopped by?
I like you, Craig, I do.
I feel for your situation.
Your mom and her troubles. Chris and
me always tried to do what we could.
I know. Thank you.
But I have worked too damn hard
to make sure my Vicky
doesn't make those kind of choices.
She came home with red eyes.
Pretty sure you guys aren't just
riding bikes out in those woods.
You think Vic's smoking weed?
She wouldn't do that.
I am asking you
to keep away from her.
You don't know anything about her.
Give your mom my best.
Damn it. It's the dirtbike
and she's constantly sick.
No.
No, no...
I'm not saying that.
Chris, I'm saying that we haven't
been the best example.
Well, you know, for whatever reason
she won't listen to me, okay?
She chose you.
I am just... I am just asking you
to try and get through to her.
When was the first time?
What?
You know, that...
that he hit you?
I don't know exactly.
We were so young
when we met, and...
wild.
I can't imagine you being wild.
Well, I was. We were.
Especially after he got back
from the Gulf.
We liked to get drunk.
When we were drunk we'd fight...
and sometimes
I'd wake up with a fat lip.
So why did you stay?
Because it wasn't all the time.
Because...
Because sometimes
I'm the one that started it.
And because he promised me he'd lay
off the hard stuff, I believed him.
Then suddenly over the years
we had you...
and my life with him had been longer
than my life without him.
So I stayed.
And I tried to keep believing
that he'd change.
How long have you known?
Not that long.
I guess though, looking back
I always had a feeling.
But I tucked it away like a secret
because I needed to believe
that Dad was good.
He is, honey.
And he's not.
People can be both. The trouble is,
you only ever see the good.
I've got to get to work.
There's a bag over here
with your name on it.
A few things I figured you'd want
over at Tiffany's.
- Mom, thank you.
- Yeah.
Lock up when you leave.
How are you feeling?
I want my mom.
You know, Haley,
you and I are a lot alike.
But we aren't.
My mother, Fanny Manx,
was very much like your Sharon.
She banished me to the outdoors,
so she could indulge
in selfish pleasures.
We lived in a mining town.
There weren't many children.
The ones who were there
thought I was odd.
Living in the back of a mortuary
and all...
So from breakfast until sundown,
I played all by myself.
Sledding in my Phantom,
building snowmen...
It was lonely.
You understand that, Haley,
don't you?
To have a dark hole
at the center of your heart
that only a friend can fill.
I have friends.
Yes, I almost forgot.
The girl with the bridge.
She's your only friend, isn't she?
In my humble opinion this person
doesn't seem like a very good friend.
She knew the sort of home life
you had and she never once offered
to take you away
on a magic bridge, did she?
I, on the other hand,
knew from the minute I met you...
that you deserved better.
That's why I'm taking you
to my special place.
A place where there are children
who want nothing more
than to be your friends.
A place where there are no secrets.
Where everyone shares...
and you will always be loved.
Mean it? Always?
Just one catch.
Little girls who keep secrets
can't go to Christmasland.
Her name is Vic. Vic McQueen.
Vic McQueen...
Forgive the detour, darling.
We have a stop to make
before Christmasland.
Vic.
You lost again?
No. I'm here to return this.
Can I come in?
Wait...
Yeah. I'm...
I wasn't expecting anyone.
It's just me.
Don't worry about it.
Okay. Well, thanks.
How did your job go?
- Good.
- Yeah?
It went... It went good.
But... What is it, the job?
Working security.
Security? Cool.
Who is your boss?
Nice guy.
He's a nice guy.
Just a guy.
Well, yeah,
thanks for the comic.
Bing, you and I are friends, right?
Yeah. Friends to the end.
So there's a rumor going around
that you're involved in something.
Something bad.
If anything's wrong, Bing,
you can tell me.
Bing.
I'm a good person.
You know I'm a good person.
Yeah, of course. I just wanted
to make sure you're okay.
Yeah, I'm fine.
Fine, fine, fine...
Fine like a glass of red wine.
I think you should leave.
But... actually you still have
a couple of my comics.
Can I get those back, first?
I'll go... I'll go get them.
Thank you.
- Then you should go.
- Yeah.
Haley?
Those who sneak
and those who spy
get punished when they try to lie.
Where's Haley, Bing?
- I never touched her.
- I don't believe you.
- Shut up.
- Who has her?
You shut up!
Hello.
It is.
She's standing right here.
No, I... I didn't touch her.
Sure.
He wants to talk to you.
Hello?
Hello, Vic McQueen.
I've been looking for you.
I believe you have an inscape
known as the Shorter Way Bridge.
You're the one who took Haley?
You're the Wraith?
The name, my dear,
is Charlie Manx.
What have you done with her?
Don't fret.
Your little friend is on her way to
somewhere wonderful. She's sleeping.
Now let's discuss
this little bridge of yours.
- I want to talk with her.
- I think I should talk to Mr...
If you want to talk about my bridge,
you let me speak to Haley first.
I have a better idea.
Let's you and I meet.
In person.
Where and when? I'll be there.
Splendid.
I'll be in touch.
Hello?
Hello? Sir?
The girl is better off with Mr Manx
than the mother.
What do you mean?
The mother was...
dirty.
- Sharon?
- Yeah.
What did you do to her, Bing?
I helped her.
I made her clean.
You tell me where she is.
Bing, you tell me where she is!
I can't.
Oh, God.
Bing... You thing...
What have you done?
Everything is going to be alright.
Bing, no.
Bing, no! Bing!
Stop.
Stop, Bing!
No!
Sorry, man, my manager's gonna kill
me if he sees this monitor's broken.
I like pine.
It's okay, sweetheart.
I'm here to help.
You're safe now.
Right.
Your total's going to be $44.32.
68 cents is your change.
Thanks. Here you go.
Just this morning, a close family
friend gave a passionate plea
for their safe return.
Investigators
and forensic specialists
exhumed the body
and will do an autopsy
to determine
time and cause of death.
...that the shallow grave
in the field behind me
is in fact that of Sharon Smith,
the mother of Haley Smith,
who has also been reported missing.
Friends and family have had
their worst fears realized...
- You holding up okay?
- Yeah.
Yep.
Your mom's worried about you.
She thinks maybe you should...
You need to go see a doctor.
Do you?
No, I'm fine.
You know, if I could
make all this go away, I would.
I was thinking, this weekend, that
maybe you and I could take a ride.
Up to that bike shop in Plaistow.
You know that fancy-schmancy one?
Maybe get...
a little lunch after.
At that diner
with the frappes you like.
Yeah, sounds good.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Alright.
You know, the cops,
they'll find Haley, you know?
They'll catch whoever did this.
No, they won't.
They can't protect anyone.
You're safe here, Brat. Alright?
You're safe, I promise you.
Yeah.
Hey.
Just try to get some rest, okay?
I love you like a big dog.
Love you too.
Alright.
I've never seen so many lights.
Just wait till you get inside.
You're not coming?
Alas, I must bid you adieu.
But have no fear, my child,
you have plenty of friends
in Christmasland.
We've been waiting for you.
They're for Scissors for the Drifter.
It's a really fun game.
I don't know how to play.
It's easy.
We'll show you how.